# Simple RESTful web API

Through this API a user can explore the layout of a house, create/delete rooms, request information about a specific room or navigate from one room to another.

Persistent data is stored in an SQLite database.
  
Intermediate data uses the JSON format.

## Database schema

Table 1

    CREATE TABLE "Rooms"(
        RoomID INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
        Name text,
        Size integer,
        WindowCount integer,
        WallDecorationType text,
        Floor integer);



Table 2

    CREATE TABLE "Doors"(
        RoomID integer,
        Destination text,
        FOREIGN KEY(RoomID) REFERENCES Rooms(RoomID),
        PRIMARY KEY (RoomID, Destination));

## GET

There are two possible GET requests.

###\#1

GET information about the entire house: 

    http://localhost:8080/house

###\#2

GET information about a specific room: 

    http://localhost:8080/house/guest+bedroom

####Example output:

    {
        "id": 2,
        "name": "guest bedroom",
        "size": 14,
        "windowCount": 3,
        "wallDecorationType": "wallpaper",
        "floor": 0,
        "doors": [
            {
                "destination": "http://localhost:8080/house/corridor"
            }
        ]
    }


####Note:

* All request URLs are escaped and lowercase.


## POST

Post requests are used to create a new room object.

URL format:

    http://localhost:8080/house/new

Request body format:

    {
        "name": "",
        "size": 0,
        "windowCount": 0,
        "wallDecorationType": "",
        "floor": 0,
        "doors": [
            {
                "destination": ""
            }
        ]
    }

####Note:

* The `id` field is auto generated by the database and will be ignored if sent.
* If a field value isn't specified, it will be initialized to its zero value or `"no-name"` for the `"name"` field.
* All door links should be unique since they are part of the PRIMARY KEY.


## DELETE

Delete requests are used to delete a room object.

Rooms are deleted based on the name of the room passed in the URL 

URL format:

    http://localhost:8080/house/room+name

####Note:

* If more than one room exists under the same name, only the first room matched will be deleted. 